Help documentation (#34)
Eve-ning/glcm-cupy: README.md

pip install glcm-cupy
```

Then, you need to install **CuPy** version corresponding to your CUDA version

I recommend using `conda-forge` as it worked for me :)

```shell
conda install -c conda-forge cupy cudatoolkit=<your_CUDA_version>
```

E.g:
For CUDA `11.6`,
```shell
conda install -c conda-forge cupy cudatoolkit=11.6
```

> Alternatively, if you prefer install **CuPy** manually, please see [this page](https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/install.html) for installation instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install **CuPy** manually, see [this page](https://docs.cupy.dev/en/stable/install.html)
```
